But I really don’t know anyone from God and Earth.
It doesn't matter. As long as you can understand,
Hello Lord Shendi. That’s it.
Little adults, trouble,
Please turn me over to Lord Gao Shendi.
Just say, I already have his kindness in my heart.
I already have someone to love. so,
Feel sorry. No way. I'll let you kill Lord Shendi.
This virtual girl, you still know who you are.
It is your blessing that Master Shendi can look at you.
You, how dare you give me a blessing.
Xiaoyun, what are you doing?
Lord Shenchi looked at it, it was a blessing that not many women could ask for.
How can you, this concubine, compare to Master Miracle?
I am also a complete person
Wouldn't you respect my heart?
Do you want to piss me off?
Give me your concubine
You have to be a little fish
Master Miracle steals a woman
Do you, my concubine, make friends with you?
Doesn't this bother you?
You can't ignore this matter.
And he also pretended to be a miraculous master
General, you must arrest him
It did appear in the body
teach me things